# python-bootcamp
  Become a Python Programmer and learn one of employer's most requested skills of 2021!  This is the most comprehensive, yet straight-forward, course for the Python programming language on Udemy! Whether you have never programmed before, already know basic syntax, or want to learn about the advanced features of Python, this course is for you! In this course we will teach you Python 3.  With over 100 lectures and more than 21 hours of video this comprehensive course leaves no stone unturned! This course includes quizzes, tests, coding exercises and homework assignments as well as 3 major projects to create a Python project portfolio!  Learn how to use Python for real-world tasks, such as working with PDF Files, sending emails, reading Excel files, Scraping websites for informations, working with image files, and much more!  This course will teach you Python in a practical manner, with every lecture comes a full coding screencast and a corresponding code notebook! Learn in whatever manner is best for you!  We will start by helping you get Python installed on your computer, regardless of your operating system, whether its Linux, MacOS, or Windows, we've got you covered.  We cover a wide variety of topics, including:  Command Line Basics  Installing Python  Running Python Code  Strings  Lists   Dictionaries  Tuples  Sets  Number Data Types  Print Formatting  Functions  Scope  args/kwargs  Built-in Functions  Debugging and Error Handling  Modules  External Modules  Object Oriented Programming  Inheritance  Polymorphism  File I/O  Advanced Methods  Unit Tests
